So now we have our user reducer and our user actions.
We know conceptually that we need to bring our user reducer as current user value into where we need
it which will be our header component because right now our header component is getting current user
from app J.S. and we don't want that.
What we want is for our header component to pull that current user value off of our reducer.
So how do we do that.
While the first thing that we would do is we have to actually import in Connect hopes capitalized by
accident there.
We have to import this function called Connect from react redux Connect is a higher order component
that lets us modify our component to have access to things related to redux.
Now as we remember higher the components are just functions that take components as arguments and then
return you a new souped up component.
So what we'll do with Kinect is we are actually going to pass it to functions.
The second one being optional and then that'll give us back another higher component that we pass it
our header now what is it that we pass as the first argument of Kinect.
It's going to be the function that allows us to access the states with the state being are reducer our
root producer to be specific.
We know that with our route reducer it is an object that has a property of user that points to our user
reducer which right now is just this initial state because we haven't triggered any actions that update
the value of current user.
So we know that we will end up getting current user of No but we want that value.
So how do we get it while we're going to write that map state to props function and it's gonna be equal
to a function and what we're going to return from that function will be an object where the value or
site where the name of the property will be the actual property want to pass in and then the value will
be the value.
So what do we get in this function is the state object this state is the root reducer.
So the top level root reducer and we want to pass in a current user property where the value of it will
be state John user dot current user so we're saying we want the root reducer right.
We want the user value and then which will give us our user reducer.
And then from there we want the current user value and by doing this and passing maps sets of props
to connect.
Now we're getting that null value as current user being passed in as current user.
So now we can remove the passing of current user from our App State into our header and if we now go
to our header component we'll see that we're no longer signed in.
In fact now we're signed out but that's because we're getting our current user which is a value of null
from our maps to props which is then respectively triggering us to see our sign and link.
Now this map states a process and this connect will we'll use anywhere we need properties from our reduced
hours.
So this pattern we're going to write in a lot of our future components.
But just remember that connect is a higher component that gets either one of these two functions the
first one being this one and the second one we're going to cover in the next lesson.